README.md, before:

# Caddy s3browser

This will provide directory listing for an S3 bucket (you are able to use minio, or other S3 providers).

Note: For performance reasons, the file listing is fetched once every 5 minutes to reduce load on S3. You can force a refresh by sending a POST request to the plugin.

## Configuration

See `Caddyfile.tmpl` for a template.

|  option   |  type  |  default   | help |
|-----------|:------:|------------|------|
| site_name           | string | S3 Browser | Site display name |
| endpoint            | string |            | S3 hostname |
| region              | string |   empty    | S3 region (optional) |
| key                 | string |            | S3 access key |
| secret              | string |            | S3 secret key |
| secure              |  bool  |   `true`   | Use TLS when connection to S3 |
| bucket              | string |            | S3 bucket |
| refresh             | string |    `5m`    | Time between periodic refresh |
| debug               |  bool  |   `false`  | Output debug information |
| signed_url_redirect |  bool  |   `false`  | Output debug information |


## Prior Art
* This is based on the [Browse plugin](https://github.com/mholt/caddy/tree/master/caddyhttp/browse) that is built into Caddy
* [s3server](https://github.com/jessfraz/s3server) from jessfraz
* [pretty-s3-index-html](https://github.com/nolanlawson/pretty-s3-index-html) by Nolan Lawson

Commit message:

Add `refresh_api_secret` config

README.md, after:

# Caddy s3browser

This will provide directory listing for an S3 bucket (you are able to use minio, or other S3 providers).

Note: For performance reasons, the file listing is fetched once every 5 minutes to reduce load on S3. You can force a refresh by sending a POST request to the plugin.

## Configuration

See `Caddyfile.tmpl` for a template.

|  option   |  type  |  default   | help |
|-----------|:------:|------------|------|
| site_name           | string | S3 Browser | Site display name |
| endpoint            | string |            | S3 hostname |
| region              | string |   empty    | S3 region (optional) |
| key                 | string |            | S3 access key |
| secret              | string |            | S3 secret key |
| secure              |  bool  |   `true`   | Use TLS when connection to S3 |
| bucket              | string |            | S3 bucket |
| refresh             | string |    `5m`    | Time between periodic refresh |
| refresh_api_secret  | string |   empty    | A key to protect the refresh API. (optional) |
| debug               |  bool  |   `false`  | Output debug information |
| signed_url_redirect |  bool  |   `false`  | Output debug information |


## Force Refresh

You can trigger a force refresh by making a POST request to the server:
```bash
curl -X POST "$HOST"
```

When `refresh_api_secret` is set, you must use HTTP basic auth:
```bash
curl -X POST "api:$SECRET@$HOST" # the username can be anything
```


## Prior Art
* This is based on the [Browse plugin](https://github.com/mholt/caddy/tree/master/caddyhttp/browse) that is built into Caddy
* [s3server](https://github.com/jessfraz/s3server) from jessfraz
* [pretty-s3-index-html](https://github.com/nolanlawson/pretty-s3-index-html) by Nolan Lawson
